[readme] Make the challenge more open-ended (#3)
mui/tech-challenge-pigment-css: README.md

}
```

We encourage you to think of more complex scenarios on how the styles and the sx input can be created and incorporate those in your solution.
If time permits, you can also try to add support for tagged-template literal syntax, eg:

```js
const Title = styled.h1`
  font-size: 1.5em;
  text-align: center;
  color: #BF4F74;

> `;

Author: ```suggestion
`;

```

}
```

> We encourige you to think of more complex scenarios on how the styles and the sx input can be created and incorporate those in your solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to think of more complex scenarios on how the styles and the sx input can be created and incorporate those in your solution.
If time permits, you can also try to add support for tagged-template literal syntax, eg:

```js
const Title = styled.h1`
  font-size: 1.5em;
  text-align: center;
  color: #BF4F74;
`;
```
```

WDYT about this ?
